###### *[#Home](https://tashbalrai.github.io)*, [#About](/about.html)

> This project is still under progress so many of the pages you visit will give 404 errors because the content is yet to be published

### Welcome viewer, 
This website is the collection of notes that I created while reading or studying few of my favorite topics about web, computer science, and programming and of course other stuff that interests me which may or may not be related to computers directly or indirectly. This project is an effort to share information that I consider may be helpful in some ways to other guys struggling with the topics. I have tried to structure the information into collection of topics for easy to learners and have tried to keep the topics as concise as possible so that readers don't have to read the stories. Following are the few of the topics that I have tried to cover up.

###### [JavaScript](/js/index.html), [ES2017](/es2017/index.html), [Node.JS](/nodejs/index.html), [PHP](/php/index.html), [Python](/py/index.html), [HTTP](/http/index.html), [Angular](/angular/index.html), [React](/react/index.html), [OOP](/oop/index.html), [Design Patterns](/design-pattern/index.html), [Streaming & Buffering](/streams/index.html), [Data Structures](/ds/index.html), [Algorithms](/algo/index.html), [MongoDB](/mongodb/index.html)

### JavaScript
JavaScript short form JS is the general purpose programming language was first developed by Brendan Eich and was embedded into the Netscape navigator in 1995. Then the original author decided to submit this scripting language to the ECMA for maintaince and from there it is also known as ECMAScript. Decades before, its was considered to be best suitable for frontend website programming, for example, adding interaction to the web pages to make it more live and/or doing the form data validations. JS was also used to embed into several other technologies like PDF etc. Then Ryan Dahl a programmer came with a new technology called Node.JS and which changed the perspective of the web developers about JS and JS went on the server side as well. JavaScript is so much popular thesedays and is the necessary skill for every kind of web professional whether web designer, frontend programmer or backend programmer writing APIs or may be a desktop or mobile developer. [Read More...](/js/index.html)
